# Contributing to CAMEL

Hi there! Thank you for being interested in contributing to CAMEL.
As an open source project in a rapidly developing field, we are extremely open to contributions, whether they be in the form of new features, improved infra, better documentation, or bug fixes.

## 🗺️ Guidelines

### 👩‍💻 Contributing Code

To contribute to this project, please follow a ["fork and pull request"](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/contributing-to-projects) workflow.
Please do not try to push directly to this repo unless you are maintainer.

Please follow the checked-in pull request template when opening pull requests. Note related issues and tag relevant maintainers.

Pull requests cannot land without passing the formatting, linting and testing checks first. See
[Common Tasks](#-common-tasks) for how to run these checks locally.

It's essential that we maintain great documentation and testing. If you:
- Fix a bug
  - Add a relevant unit test when possible. These live in `test`.
- Make an improvement
  - Update any affected example console scripts in `examples`, Gradio demos in `apps` and documentation in `docs`.
  - Update unit tests when relevant.
- Add a feature
  - Add a demo script in `examples`.
  - Add unit tests.

We're a small, building-oriented team. If there's something you'd like to add or change, opening a pull request is the best way to get our attention.

### 🚩GitHub Issues

Our [issues](https://github.com/camel-ai/camel/issues) page is kept up to date
with bugs, improvements, and feature requests.

There is a taxonomy of labels to help with sorting and discovery of issues of interest. Please use these to help organize issues.

If you start working on an issue, please assign it to yourself.

If you are adding an issue, please try to keep it focused on a single, modular bug/improvement/feature.
If two issues are related, or blocking, please link them rather than combining them.

We will try to keep these issues as up to date as possible, though with the rapid rate of develop in this field some may get out of date.
If you notice this happening, please let us know.

### 🙋Getting Help

Our goal is to have the simplest developer setup possible. Should you experience any difficulty getting setup, please contact a maintainer! Not only do we want to help get you unblocked, but we also want to make sure that the process is smooth for future contributors.

In a similar vein, we do enforce certain linting, formatting, and documentation standards in the codebase.
If you are finding these difficult (or even just annoying) to work with, feel free to contact a maintainer for help - we do not want these to get in the way of getting good code into the codebase.

## 🚀 Quick Start

To install requirements:

```bash
conda create -n camel python=3.9
conda activate camel
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

This will install all requirements for running the package, examples, linting, formatting, tests, and coverage.

Now, you should be able to run the common tasks in the following section. To double check, run `pytest .`, all tests should pass.

## ✅ Common Tasks

### Linting & formatting

```bash
flake8
isort
```

We recognize linting can be annoying - if you do not want to do it, please contact a project maintainer, and they can help you with it. We do not want this to be a blocker for good code getting contributed.

### Coverage

Code coverage (i.e. the amount of code that is covered by unit tests) helps identify areas of the code that are potentially more or less brittle.

To get a report of current coverage, run the following:

```bash
pytest --cov --cov-report=html
```

The report can be found at `htmlcov/index.html`.

#### Unit Tests

Unit tests cover modular logic that does not require calls to outside APIs.

To run unit tests:

```bash
pytest .
```

The tests expect `.env` file with your OpenAI API key in the repo root:
```
OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-XXXXXXXX
```

## Documentation

### Contribute Documentation

Docs are largely autogenerated by [sphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/) from the code.

For that reason, we ask that you add good documentation to all classes and methods.

Similar to linting, we recognize documentation can be annoying. If you do not want to do it, please contact a project maintainer, and they can help you with it. We do not want this to be a blocker for good code getting contributed.

### Build Documentation Locally

You can build the documentation as outlined below:

```bash
sphinx-build docs docs/_build
```

## 🏭 Release Process

As of now, CAMEL is in active development thus not published to PyPI yet.

CAMEL follows the [semver](https://semver.org/) versioning standard. However, as pre-1.0 software,
even patch releases may contain [non-backwards-compatible changes](https://semver.org/#spec-item-4). Currently the major version is 0 and the minor version are being incremented and releases are made once the maintainers feel that a significant body of changes is accumulated.

### 🌟 Recognition

If your contribution has made its way into a release, we will want to give you credit on Twitter (only if you want though)!
If you have a Twitter account you would like us to mention, please let us know in the PR or in another manner.

