docs/index.rst, before:

.. CAMEL documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sun May 14 13:51:36 2023.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to CAMEL's documentation!
=================================
| **Finding the Scaling Law of Agents: The First and the Best Multi-Agent Framework.**

| **CAMEL** emerges as the earliest `LLM-based multi-agent framework <https://arxiv.org/pdf/2303.17760.pdf>`_, and is now a generic framework to build and use LLM-based agents for real-world task solving. We believe that studying these agents on a large scale offers valuable insights into their behaviors, capabilities, and potential risks. To facilitate research in this field, we implement and support various types of agents, tasks, prompts, models, and simulated environments.

Main Documentation
------------------
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Get Started
   :name: getting_started

   get_started/installation.md
   get_started/setup.md

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Agents
   :name: agents

   cookbooks/create_your_first_agent.ipynb
   cookbooks/create_your_first_agents_society.ipynb
   cookbooks/embodied_agents.ipynb
   cookbooks/critic_agents_and_tree_search.ipynb

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Key Modules
   :name: key_modules

   key_modules/models.md
   key_modules/messages.md
   key_modules/memory.md
   key_modules/tools.md
   key_modules/prompts.md
   key_modules/tasks.md
   key_modules/loaders.md
   key_modules/storages.md
   key_modules/society.md
   key_modules/embeddings.md
   key_modules/retrievers.md
   key_modules/workforce.md

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Cookbooks
   :name: cookbooks

   cookbooks/create_your_first_agent.ipynb
   cookbooks/create_your_first_agents_society.ipynb
   cookbooks/agents_society.ipynb
   cookbooks/model_speed_comparison.ipynb
   cookbooks/agents_message.ipynb
   cookbooks/agents_with_tools.ipynb
   cookbooks/agents_with_tools_from_Composio.ipynb
   cookbooks/agents_with_memory.ipynb
   cookbooks/agents_with_rag.ipynb
   cookbooks/agents_prompting.ipynb
   cookbooks/task_generation.ipynb
   cookbooks/knowledge_graph.ipynb
   cookbooks/roleplaying_scraper.ipynb
   cookbooks/video_analysis.ipynb
   cookbooks/agents_tracking.ipynb
   cookbooks/workforce_judge_committee.ipynb
   cookbooks/ingest_data_from_websites_with_Firecrawl.ipynb
   cookbooks/sft_data_generation_and_unsloth_finetuning.ipynb
   cookbooks/sft_data_generation_and_unsloth_finetuning_mistral_7b_instruct.ipynb
   cookbooks/sft_data_generation_and_unsloth_finetuning_Qwen2_5_7B.ipynb
   cookbooks/sft_data_generation_and_unsloth_finetuning_tinyllama.ipynb
   cookbooks/customer_service_Discord_bot_with_agentic_RAG.ipynb
   cookbooks/customer_service_Discord_bot_using_SambaNova_with_agentic_RAG.ipynb

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: API References
   :name: api_references

   modules



Indices and tables
------------------

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`


Get Involved
------------------
We are always happy to work with friends to continuously move forward with our own competitive edges.

**For Research Aficionados**:  New, rigorous and in-depth research takes time and resources. With access to almost unlimited usage of advanced GPU computes and a team of amazing researchers and engineers, we are bold enough to explore the frontier with patience. Whether you would like to join in our on-going project or have new idea to test, feel free to talk to us and see how we may work together.

**For Coding Enthusiasts**:  Whether you want to introduce new features, enhance the infrastructure, improve documentation, asking issues, add more examples, implement state-of-the-art research ideas, or fix bugs, we appreciate each and every commit. Get started by checking out the `Contributing Guidelines <https://github.com/camel-ai/camel/wiki/Contributing-Guidlines>`_ on GitHub.

**For Interested Humans**: Connect with us on `Discord <https://discord.camel-ai.org>`_, `WeChat <https://ghli.org/camel/wechat.png>`_, or `Slack <https://join.slack.com/t/camel-ai/shared_invite/zt-2g7xc41gy-_7rcrNNAArIP6sLQqldkqQ>`_.

Commit message:

docs: add chunkr cookbook and hermes data gen cookbook

docs/index.rst, after:

.. CAMEL documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sun May 14 13:51:36 2023.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to CAMEL's documentation!
=================================
| **Finding the Scaling Law of Agents: The First and the Best Multi-Agent Framework.**

| **CAMEL** emerges as the earliest `LLM-based multi-agent framework <https://arxiv.org/pdf/2303.17760.pdf>`_, and is now a generic framework to build and use LLM-based agents for real-world task solving. We believe that studying these agents on a large scale offers valuable insights into their behaviors, capabilities, and potential risks. To facilitate research in this field, we implement and support various types of agents, tasks, prompts, models, and simulated environments.

Main Documentation
------------------
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Get Started
   :name: getting_started

   get_started/installation.md
   get_started/setup.md

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Agents
   :name: agents

   cookbooks/create_your_first_agent.ipynb
   cookbooks/create_your_first_agents_society.ipynb
   cookbooks/embodied_agents.ipynb
   cookbooks/critic_agents_and_tree_search.ipynb

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Key Modules
   :name: key_modules

   key_modules/models.md
   key_modules/messages.md
   key_modules/memory.md
   key_modules/tools.md
   key_modules/prompts.md
   key_modules/tasks.md
   key_modules/loaders.md
   key_modules/storages.md
   key_modules/society.md
   key_modules/embeddings.md
   key_modules/retrievers.md
   key_modules/workforce.md

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Cookbooks
   :name: cookbooks

   cookbooks/create_your_first_agent.ipynb
   cookbooks/create_your_first_agents_society.ipynb
   cookbooks/agents_society.ipynb
   cookbooks/model_speed_comparison.ipynb
   cookbooks/agents_message.ipynb
   cookbooks/agents_with_tools.ipynb
   cookbooks/agents_with_tools_from_Composio.ipynb
   cookbooks/agents_with_memory.ipynb
   cookbooks/agents_with_rag.ipynb
   cookbooks/agents_prompting.ipynb
   cookbooks/task_generation.ipynb
   cookbooks/knowledge_graph.ipynb
   cookbooks/roleplaying_scraper.ipynb
   cookbooks/video_analysis.ipynb
   cookbooks/agents_tracking.ipynb
   cookbooks/workforce_judge_committee.ipynb
   cookbooks/ingest_data_from_websites_with_Firecrawl.ipynb
   cookbooks/sft_data_generation_and_unsloth_finetuning.ipynb
   cookbooks/sft_data_generation_and_unsloth_finetuning_mistral_7b_instruct.ipynb
   cookbooks/sft_data_generation_and_unsloth_finetuning_Qwen2_5_7B.ipynb
   cookbooks/sft_data_generation_and_unsloth_finetuning_tinyllama.ipynb
   cookbooks/customer_service_Discord_bot_with_agentic_RAG.ipynb
   cookbooks/customer_service_Discord_bot_using_SambaNova_with_agentic_RAG.ipynb
   cookbooks/data_gen_with_real_function_calls_and_hermes_format.ipynb
   cookbooks/agent_with_chunkr_for_pdf_parsing.ipynb

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: API References
   :name: api_references

   modules



Indices and tables
------------------

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`


Get Involved
------------------
We are always happy to work with friends to continuously move forward with our own competitive edges.

**For Research Aficionados**:  New, rigorous and in-depth research takes time and resources. With access to almost unlimited usage of advanced GPU computes and a team of amazing researchers and engineers, we are bold enough to explore the frontier with patience. Whether you would like to join in our on-going project or have new idea to test, feel free to talk to us and see how we may work together.

**For Coding Enthusiasts**:  Whether you want to introduce new features, enhance the infrastructure, improve documentation, asking issues, add more examples, implement state-of-the-art research ideas, or fix bugs, we appreciate each and every commit. Get started by checking out the `Contributing Guidelines <https://github.com/camel-ai/camel/wiki/Contributing-Guidlines>`_ on GitHub.

**For Interested Humans**: Connect with us on `Discord <https://discord.camel-ai.org>`_, `WeChat <https://ghli.org/camel/wechat.png>`_, or `Slack <https://join.slack.com/t/camel-ai/shared_invite/zt-2g7xc41gy-_7rcrNNAArIP6sLQqldkqQ>`_.
